Lu Shao, are you going to buy it for this lady?
It's my sister who wants everything wrapped up
Miss, please feel free to watch
To be beautiful is to take advantage
Call me brother
There are rich second generations who can buy clothes to wear
Be quiet, I let the guests hear
Waiter, come here.
Wrap this and this and these
Ok, what for?
I can't wear that much
Don't worry, miss.
Our store supports 7 days for no reason.
If it doesn't fit
We can also arrange for the master to help you sense it on site.
Kiki, I'm taking you home
No, I can go back by myself.
But I really can
You can give it to me.
Hello, I'll be there soon.
Okay, then pay attention to safety on your way.
Call me if you need anything
Hello, you just said that you can return it within 7 days, right?
I would like to return it.